add link to user guide for Batch Predictor (#32672)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/workloads.md

Explore the ways that Ray helps to build AI applications.

## Batch inference on CPUs and GPUs

> Performing inference on incoming batches of data can be parallelized by exporting the architecture and weights of a trained model to the shared object store. Using these model replicas, Ray AIR's [Batch Predictor](../ray-air/predictors) scales predictions on batches across workers.

Reviewer: Can we use a relative reference rather than using a relative path? It should be like `air-predictors`

Author: TIL! Thank you!

> Performing inference on incoming batches of data can be parallelized by exporting the architecture and weights of a trained model to the shared object store. Using these model replicas, Ray AIR's [Batch Predictor](../ray-air/predictors) scales predictions on batches across workers.

Reviewer 2: Can we use a section reference instead of a relative path? This will break if things move around in the future. A ref already exists: `air-predictors`.

```suggestion
Performing inference on incoming batches of data can be parallelized by exporting the architecture and weights of a trained model to the shared object store. Using these model replicas, Ray AIR's [Batch Predictor](air-predictors) runs prediction across many workers and scales up as needed.
```

Reviewer 2: Oops, same as above.
